>> Mung Daal: ♪ YOU TAKE THE
MOON, AND YOU TAKE THE SUN ♪
>> Chowder: ♪ YOU TAKE
EVERYTHING THAT SEEMS LIKE FUN ♪
>> Truffles: ♪ YOU STIR IT ALL
UP, AND WHEN YOU'RE DONE ♪
>> Shnitzel: ♪ RADDA RADDA RADDA
R‐R‐RADDA RADDA ♪
>> All: ♪ SO, COME ON IN
♪ FEEL FREE TO DO SOME LOOKING
♪ STAY AWHILE 'CAUSE SOMETHING'S
ALWAYS COOKING ♪
♪ COME ON IN
♪ FEEL FREE TO DO SOME LOOKING
♪ STAY AWHILE 'CAUSE SOMETHING'S
ALWAYS COOKING ♪
YEAH!
[ APPLAUSE ]
>> Mung Daal: ALL RIGHT,
CHOWDER, LET'S CHICK‐A‐DEE‐CHECK
THAT GROCERY LIST,
WE GOT BANANA‐NANA‐FO‐FANANAS?
>> Chowder: CHECK!
>> Mung Daal: AND WE GOT THE CUT
OF RIB EYE?
>> Chowder: CHECK!
>> Mung Daal: AND WE GOT THE
FLUBERRIES?
>> Chowder: CHECK!
>> I FEEL LIKE GARBAGE,
A‐A‐A‐A‐ACHOO!
>> Chowder: GESUNDHEIT,
>> THANK YOU,
>> Mung Daal: WHAT ELSE ARE WE
FORGETTING?
CHOWDER, WHAT HAPPENED TO ALL
THE FOOD I BOUGHT?!
>> Chowder: UH, NO HABLA INGLéS,
>> Mung Daal: THAT'S IT!
OUT WITH IT, BOY!
>> Chowder: [ GAGGING ]
>> Mung Daal: YUCK!
STINKY CLAMS, NEVER MIND,
BACK IN! BACK IN!
>> HOW MANY CUPS OF WEEWEE
BERRIES DOES IT TAKE TO PROPERLY
BAKE A SHADAKALAKA PIE?
>> Panini: SIX,
>> EXCELENTE!
OH, CRUD,
>> Mung Daal: OH, LOOK, CHOWDER,
IT'S ENDIVE!
QUICK, WE'D BETTER CALL THE ZOO
AND TELL THEM WE FOUND THEIR
MISSING WILD, UGLY BEAST!
>> OOP! GOT TO GO!
>> COME, PANINI, WE MUST
CONTINUE WITH YOUR STUDIES SO
YOU'LL OUTSHINE ALL THE OTHER
STUDENTS AT THE BLT's TOMORROW,
>> Mung Daal: BLT's?!
THEY'RE TOMORROW?!
SPEAK, WOMAN! SPEAK!
>> WHY, MUNG, YOU HAVEN'T
FORGOTTEN ABOUT THEM, HAVE YOU?
OH! THAT WOULD BE TERRIBLE!
AND BY "TERRIBLE," I MEAN
"TOTALLY AWESOME,"
>> Chowder: WHAT ARE THE BLT's?
BACON, LETTUCE, AND TOMATO
SANDWICHES?
MMM, SIZZLING BACON WITH
SIZZLING LETTUCE AND SIZZLING
TOMATOES, ALL TOPPED WITH
SIZZLING BREAD!
IT BURNS!
>> Mung Daal: NO, THE BLT's
STAND FOR THE
"BASIC LEARNING TESTS,"
EVERY APPRENTICE IS REQUIRED TO
TAKE THEM, AND IF YOU FAIL, YOU
WON'T BE ALLOWED TO EVER COOK
AGAIN, EVER!
>> Chowder: ♪ BACON, LETTUCE,
AND TOMATO ♪
♪ BACON, LETTUCE, AND TOMATO
♪ BACON, WHAT?
♪ LETTUCE, WHAT?
♪ TOMATO, WHAT?
>> DON'T WORRY, MUNG,
I'M SURE CHOWDER WILL DO JUST
FINE,
>> Chowder: ♪ BACON, LETTUCE,
AND TOMATO ♪
>> AND BY "FINE," I MEAN "STINKY
TERRIBLE,"
[ LAUGHS EVILLY ]
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, LISTEN TO
ME!
IT'S EXTREMELY IMPORTANT THAT
YOU PREPARE FOR THE BLT's
TOMORROW!
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?!
>> Chowder: ♪ BACON, WHAT?
♪ LETTUCE, WHAT?
>> Mung Daal: YOU HAVE TO PASS!
>> Chowder: DON'T WORRY, MUNG,
I GOT THIS,
I GOT THIS!
I AM A GREAT CHEF BECAUSE
EVERYTHING I KNOW, I LEARNED
FROM YOU, AND I'VE EVEN STARTED
GROWING MY VERY OWN MUSTACHE!
>> Mung Daal: EVEN SO, WE NEED
TO START CRAMMING YOUR HEAD WITH
TONS OF KNOWLEDGE!
CRAMMING YOUR HEAD!
GO IN!
WHY WON'T YOU GO IN?!
>> Chowder: UM, A CHICKTOPUS?
A CHICKTOPUS,
OH, THAT'S A CHICKTOPUS,
DEFINITELY A CHICKTOPUS,
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, WHY DO
YOU KEEP SAYING THAT?
WHAT THE HECK IS A CHICKTOPUS
ANYWAY?
CHOWDER, I'M TIRED OF YOU MAKING
THINGS UP ALL THE TIME!
THIS ISN'T A GAME, BOY, SO I
NEED ‐‐
[ GURGLE! ]
KNOCK IT OFF!
[ CHICKTOPUS SHRIEKS ]
GO IN, I SAID! GO IN!
BAH! THIS IS NO USE!
THIS ISN'T WORKING AT ALL!
[ GASPS ] I KNOW!
DRAT, THE BIGGER BOOK DIDN'T
WORK, EITHER!
WHAT CHOWDER NEEDS IS A PRIVATE
TUTOR ‐‐ SOMEONE WILLING TO GIVE
HIM THE UNDIVIDED, CONSTANT,
CLOSE, PERSONAL ATTENTION HE
NEEDS,
BUT WHO?
>> Panini: I HEARD YOU MIGHT BE
LOOKING FOR A TUTOR!
>> Mung Daal: YES, BUT I CAN
ONLY PAY YOU IN HUGS,
>> Panini: GOOD! I ACCEPT!
[ ZIP! ]
>> Chowder: I DON'T NEED A
TUTOR, PANINI!
I'M GOING TO PASS THE BLT's,
YOU JUST GOT TO HAVE FAITH IN
THE SKILLS!
>> Panini: OKAY, LET'S GET
STARTED,
HERE, LET ME SCOOT A LITTLE
CLOSER,
[ BOING! ]
HMM, MAYBE A LITTLE CLOSER,
A LITTLE CLOSER,
[ BOING! ]
JUST A TINY BIT CLOSER,
THERE! PERFECT!
SO, WHAT SHOULD WE STUDY FIRST?
HOW ABOUT CHEMISTRY?
>> Mung Daal: I THINK THIS IS
GONNA WORK, YEP,
I HAVE A REALLY GOOD FEELING
ABOUT THIS,
I DO, I REALLY, REALLY, REALLY,
REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY DO,
>> Chowder: STAY BACK!
I'M NEVER GONNA STUDY WITH YOU!
>> Panini: CHOWDER, WE CAN BE
STUDY BUDDIES,
>> Chowder: NO!
>> Mung Daal: NOTHING'S WORKING!
THE TEST IS IN A FEW HOURS, AND
HE'S NOT READY!
IT'S TIME TO TAKE DRASTIC
MEASURES!
STOP THAT!
>> DINK‐A‐ROO, DINK‐A‐LEE,
TEST‐TAKING IS WHAT WE BE,
DINK‐A‐LEE, DINK‐A‐LOO,
TEST NOT WANT NO NOISE FROM YOU!
NOW EVERYONE PICK UP YOUR
REFRIGERATORS SO WE CAN BEGIN,
>> Chowder: UH, YEAH, WHAT TIME
IS LUNCH BREAK?
>> LUNCH BREAK?!
THERE'S NO LUNCH BREAK!
IT'S 9:00 A, M, !
THE TEST IS OVER IN AN HOUR!
>> Chowder: IS IT AT 12:00?
'CAUSE LUNCH IS USUALLY AT
12:00,
>> WHAT CHESTNUT JUST SAY?
WHAT DID CHESTNUT JUST SAY?!
>> Chowder: IS IT AT 12:15?
>> IS CHESTNUT THE ONLY ONE
SPEAKING ENGLISH IN HERE?
>> Mung Daal: OKAY, SHNITZEL,
THIS IS OUR LAST CHANCE!
WE HAVE TO DO WHATEVER IT TAKES
TO STOP THIS TEST!
>> Shnitzel: RADDA RADDA RADDA
RADDA,
>> Mung Daal: WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU DON'T LOOK RIDICULOUS,
SHELOOKS RIDICULOUS!
>> Chowder: [ SQUISHING! ]
>> Mung Daal: OH, NO, THERE'S
GIANT MONSTERS ATTACKING THE
CITY!
EVACUATE ALL BUILDINGS,
ESPECIALLY ONES THAT HAVE TESTS
BEING HELD IN THEM!
I SAID PENCILS ARE FOR WRITING,
NOT EATING,
>> Shnitzel: RA‐RADDA!
RA‐A‐DDA!
>> RADDA RADDA RADDA RADDA!
>> Shnitzel: RA‐A‐DDA!
RADDA RADDA RADDA RADDA, UH, RADDA!
>> Shnitzel: RA‐‐ [ GRUNTS ]
>> Mung Daal: UH, ,,
[ POP! POP! POP! ]
>> HEY!
>> THAT'S NOT TRUE!
>> HEY, YOU, QUIT DISRUPTING
CHESTNUT'S CLASS!
CHESTNUT'S ABOUT TO GIVE YOU A
BEATING OF A LIFETIME!
[ CREAK! ]
>> Mung Daal: OHH, OHH, OHH,
OHH, OHH, OHH, OHH, OHH, OHH,
OHH, AAH!
QUICK, THE SHOW'S BEEN CANCELED!
I NEED EVERYONE TO GET OUT AS
SOON AS POSSIBLE!
>> MAN, WHAT YOU DOING, TEARING
UP CHESTNUT'S CHANDELIER LIKE
THAT?
CHESTNUT'S ABOUT TO GIVE YOU THE
BEATING OF A LIFETIME!
>> Mung Daal: OW! OW! OW! OW!
OW! OW! OW! OW! OW! OW! OW! OW!
AAH!
>> CHESTNUT'S SORRY YOU CHILDREN
HAD TO SEE THAT,
THAT'S WHY IT'S IMPORTANT TO
CLOSE YOUR EYES WHEN STUFF
HAPPENS,
BUT BE SURE YOU OPEN THEM BEFORE
YOU WALK AROUND SO YOU DON'T
BUMP INTO WALLS,
>> Mung Daal: [ High‐pitched
[ voice ] EXCUSE ME, IS THIS WHERE
THE BLT's ARE BEING HELD?
>> WHO ARE YOU?!
>> Mung Daal: MY NAME IS, UM, ,,
[ Normal voice ] FRED,
[ LAUGHS ]
[ High‐pitched voice ] AND I'M
SUPPOSED TO TAKE THE EXAM, BUT
I'M RUNNING, OH, SO LATE!
>> WELL, CHESTNUT'S NOT SUPPOSED
TO LET ANYONE IN AFTER THE TEST
STARTED, BUT FOR A PRETTY LADY
LIKE YOURSELF, CHESTNUT WILL
MAKE AN EXCEPTION,
>> Mung Daal: [ GIGGLES ]
OH, THANK YOU!
>> AAH!
[ CRASH! ]
>> Mung Daal: [ Normal voice ]
Psst, the answer to number one
is "flutter‐butt squash"!
>> Chowder: CHESTNUT, THIS GIRL
THAT LOOKS A LOT LIKE MUNG IS
GIVING ME ANSWERS!
>> CHESTNUT DOESN'T WANT ANY
LIP‐FLAPPING!
>> Mung Daal: [ CHATTERING! ]
>> Chowder: HEY, MRS, UNICORN!
>> HEY, CHOWDER!
>> Chowder: I'M GONNA FAIL THIS TEST!
>> AWESOME!
DO YOU WANT MY HELP?
>> Chowder: I DON'T NEED ANY
HELP FAILING,
I GOT THIS,
>> I GUESS, AFTER YOU FAIL, YOU
CAN'T COOK WITH MUNG ANYMORE,
>> Chowder: YEAH, WANT TO GO GET
SOME THRICE CREAM?
>> NO,
I HAVE A DOCTOR'S APPOINTMENT,
[ LAUGHS ]
>> Chowder: IS IT SERIOUS?
>> YES, YES, IT IS,
>> Chowder: OH,
>> OKAY! WELL, HAVE FUN FAILING!
>> Chowder: I WILL! THANKS!
>> Mung Daal: AAH!
>> Chowder: [ SLUUUUUURP! ]
THERE! ALL DONE!
>> Mung Daal: [ CHATTERING! ]
AAH! GIVE ME THAT!
>> Chowder: HEY!
SHE STOLE MY TEST!
>> OH, NO, YOU DON'T!
>> Mung Daal: [ PANTING ]
GOT TO FILL IN THE ANSWERS!
>> COME BACK HERE, TEST
SNATCHER!
CHESTNUT DOESN'T CARE IF YOU'RE
A LITTLE GIRL OR NOT!
YOU'RE STILL GONNA GET THE
BEATING OF A LIFETIME!
>> Mung Daal: GOT TO FINISH HIS
TEST!
CHOWDER'S GOT TO PASS!
OH, LONG DIVISION IS HARD TO DO
WHILE RUNNING!
>> GET BACK HERE!
DON'T MAKE CHESTNUT WAVE HIS
FIST AT YOU!
>> I'M SURE GLAD WE FINISHED
LAYING THESE HOT COALS,
WANT TO GRAB A SANDWICH?
>> Mung Daal: HOT! HOT! HOT!
HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT!
HOT! HOT!
OW! AAH! AAH! OW! AAH! AAH!
>> HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT! HOT!
HOT! HOT! HOT!
>> NAH,
I'M IN THE MOOD FOR PIZZA,
>> I'D LIKE TO THANK ALL YOU
UPTIGHT LADIES FOR COMING TO THE
10th ANNUAL UPTIGHT‐LADY PICNIC,
[ LADIES GASP ]
[ LADIES SCREAMING ]
>> Mung Daal: LADIES,
>> THAT'S IT!
CHESTNUT'S HAD ENOUGH OF THIS!
[ GRUNTS ]
>> Mung Daal: HUH?
WHO‐A‐A‐A‐A‐A‐A‐A‐A!
[ CRASH! ]
>> GIVE CHESTNUT THAT TEST BACK,
>> Mung Daal: I'M SORRY,
CHOWDER,
I TRIED TO HELP YOU PASS,
>> OH, NAH, NAH, NAH, NAH,
YOU MADE CHESTNUT RUN THROUGH
HOT COALS TO HELP HIM?
>> Chowder: [ SQUISHING! ]
>> THAT'S RIDICULOUS,
>> Mung Daal: HOW'S THAT
RIDICULOUS?
>> BECAUSE, MR, RIDICULOUS, ALL
YOU CHILDREN HAVE PASSED THE
BLT's!
[ CHILDREN CHEERING ]
>> Mung Daal: [ GASPS ]
CHOWDER PASSED!
>> YOU PASSED FOR JUST SHOWING
UP,
THE TEST WAS ABOUT ENTHUSIASM,
AND ALL OF YOU CHILDREN HAVE GOT
IT,
>> Chowder: SEE, MUNG?
I TOLD YOU'D I'D PASS THIS TEST
WITH NO PROBLEMO,
>> Mung Daal: BUT WAIT!
WHAT ABOUT THE WRITTEN TEST?
>> WRITTEN TEST?
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO,
THE CHILDREN WERE JUST HELPING
CHESTNUT DO HIS HOMEWORK FROM
NIGHT SCHOOL,
ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE IS FREE TO
GO,
[ CHILDREN CHEER ]
EXCEPT FOR YOU, BIG NOSE,
YOU FAILED,
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO COOK FOR A
WHOLE YEAR!
>> Mung Daal: A WHOLE YEAR?!
CAN'T I JUST HELP TO STIR?
JUST STIR, THAT'S ALL!
>> Chowder: NOPE!
I'MHEAD CHEF NOW, AND YOU
SHOULD BE STUDYING FOR YOUR
BLT's!
>> Mung Daal: [ SIGHS ]
♪ BACON, WHAT?
♪ LETTUCE, WHAT?
>> Chowder: [ STRAINING ]
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
>> Chowder: TONGUE CONDITIONING,
ALL THE BEST CHEFS DO IT, MUNG,
>> Mung Daal: WELL, KNOCK IT OFF,
IT'S JUST WEIRD,
>> Chowder: BUT YOU HAVE A LONG
NECK, AND THAT'S PRETTY WEIRD,
>> Truffles: WHAT ARE YOU ALL
STANDING AROUND FOR?
GET TO WORK!
CHOP THOSE PALMEGRANATES!
MOP THAT FLOOR!
GO DREAM OF BEING A REAL CHEF!
>> Chowder: SOMEDAY,
>> Truffles: REMEMBER, THIS
KITCHEN WOULD FALL APART WITHOUT ME,
[ DOOR OPENS, BELL RINGS ]
OH, A CUSTOMER,
AHH, LOOK, BABY CUSTOMERS!
I LOVE THE CUTE BABY CUSTOMERS!
[ BOTH SOBBING ]
>> THERE SHOULD BE A LAW AGAINST
PEOPLE LIKE YOU,
COME ON, BABIES,
>> Truffles: OUR SPECIALS
TODAY ‐‐
>> AAH!
>> Truffles: WHAT CAN I GET
FOR ‐‐
[ GLASS SHATTERS ]
[ SNIFFS ]
STILL OCEAN FRESH,
>> Mung Daal: [ CLEARS THROAT ]
UM, PERHAPS IT'S YOUR VOICE,
RIGHT, FELLAS?
[ BOTH SCREAMING ]
>> Chowder: LIVE OR TELL YOU!
>> Mung Daal: I ‐‐
>> Truffles: WHAT'S WRONG WITH
MY VOICE?!
>> Mung Daal: IT'S TOO LOUD,
>> Shnitzel: [ SIGHS ]
RADDA RADDA RADDA,
RA, RADDA‐RA, RADDA‐RA‐RA,
RADDA RADDA‐RA!
>> Mung Daal: I THINK WHAT
SHNITZEL'S TRYING TO SAY IS
THERE COMES A TIME IN EVERY
PIXIE SPRITE'S LIFE WHEN HER
VOICE SIMPLY GETS LOUDER,
>> Truffles: YOU MEAN ‐‐
>> Mung Daal: THAT'S RIGHT,
WOMAN,
YOU'RE GOING THROUGH, ,,
THE SHIFT,
>> Truffles: BUT I, ,,
ME, ,, I, ,,
AAH!
>> Chowder: AWW, POOR TRUFFLES,
SHE MISSED THE DOOR,
>> Mung Daal: YEAH, BOY,
SOMETIMES IT'S HARD BEING A
PIXIE SPRITE,
>> Shnitzel: RADDA RADDA‐RA!
>> Mung Daal: YES, SCHNITZEL, WE
ALL KNOW IT'S HARD BEING A ROCK
MONSTER, TOO, BUT THIS EPISODE'S
NOT ABOUT YOU, IS IT?
>> Truffles: [ SOBBING ]
MY VOICE IS TOO LOUD!
[ RUMBLING ]
>> YEP, SHE'S LOUD, ALL RIGHT,
>> STARING CONTEST?
>> OKAY, YOU START,
>> I ALREADY DID,
>> OH, YOU'RE GOOD,
>> Truffles: [ SOBBING ]
WHAT'S THIS?
"VOICE LESSONS ‐‐ 2 EASY STEPS,"
OOH, THAT'S ONE LESS THAN THREE,
>> [ Echoing ] WELCOME TO VOICE
LESSONS,
WHAT IS YOUR NAME?
>> Truffles: TRUFFLES,
>> GOOD,
YOU'VE PASSED THE FIRST STEP,
>> Truffles: OH, YEAH?
SO WHAT'S THE SECOND?
A KNOB?
THE SECOND STEP IS A KNOB?
WHAT KIND OF MESHUGGENER VOICE
LESSONS ARE YOU ‐‐
>> TRY IT ON,
>> Truffles: FINE,
BUT IF THIS AGGRAVATES MY
FIBROMYALGIA, I'M GONNA ‐‐
[ TUNING ]
[ Middle Eastern accent ] HI,
HONEY, I'M HOME,
I GOT THE STEVENSON ACCOUNT,
NOW WE CAN TAKE THAT TRIP TO
CABO,
[ TUNING ]
[ Normal voice ] HEY, IT WORKS,
LET'S SEE WHAT ELSE THEY GOT
HERE,
[ Southern accent ] WELL, I'LL
BE A HOT DOG ON A COLD DAY IN
THE MIDDLE OF JULY,
[ TUNING ]
[ SPEAKS FRENCH ]
[ Soothing accent ] HEY,
SUGAR LAMB, COULD YOU PASS THE
PEPPER?
[ TUNING ]
[ Normal voice ] AHH, NOW,
THAT VOICE I LIKE,
[ BOING! BOING! BOING! BOING! ]
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER!
WHAT DID I TELL YOU ABOUT THAT?
>> Chowder: THAT IT'S GREAT AND
YOU WANT ME TO KEEP DOING IT?
>> Truffles: [ Soothing accent ]
HEY, BOYS,
>> Mung Daal: HUH?
WHO SAID THAT?
>> Chowder: I DON'T KNOW, BUT I
CAN'T BREATHE,
>> Truffles: I DID,
>> Mung Daal: TRUFFLES?!
>> Truffles: WELL, HELLO, TALL,
BLUE, AND, ,,
SKINNY,
>> Mung Daal: BUT, TRUFFLES,
YOUR VOICE, ,,
[ STUTTERS ]
>> Truffles: YOU LIKE MY NEW
VOICE,
>> Mung Daal: [ STUTTERING ]
>> Truffles: AND YOU, SCHNITZEL?
>> Shnitzel: [ STUTTERING ]
[ TING! ]
>> Mung Daal: OOH!
ONE OF THOSE KNOB‐DOOLIES, EH?
>> Chowder: TOUCH,
[ SLAP! ]
>> Truffles: NOW, THIS VOICE IS
FOR TAKING ORDERS ONLY,
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
>> OH, I CAN'T WAIT TO ORDER,
>> Truffles: MAY I TAKE YOUR
ORDER?
>> OH, YES, PLEASE, TAKE
ANYTHING,
HERE, HERE, MY KEYS, MY POINTY
HAT, MY WIFE,
>> Truffles: AND Y'ALL?
MAY I TAKE YOUR ORDERS?
[ ALL CHEER ]
>> WITH THAT CALM, PLEASANT
VOICE, OH, I'LL TAKE SEVERAL,
>> Truffles: THIS IS MORE LIKE
IT,
NOW, WHAT CAN I GET FOR YOU,
SAILOR?
>> ONE ORDER OF MEET‐AND‐GREET
BALLS, MA'AM,
>> Truffles: YOU GET THAT, MUNG?
>> Mung Daal: GOT IT,
SUGAR BOOGER, HONEY BUNNY,
SUCKLEFLEMMY, SNOODLE DINKLE,
PIDDLE POP,
AHH, THAT VOICE,
SCHNITZEL, MEET‐AND‐GREET BALLS,
>> Shnitzel: RA,
>> HOW ARE YOU? HOW ARE YOU?
>> NICE TO MEET YOU,
>> HOW ARE YOU?
>> Mung Daal: SAY, HAVE YOU GUYS
NOTICED THAT SINCE TRUFFLES
CHANGED HER VOICE, THINGS HAVE
BEEN REAL, ,,
CA‐A‐A‐A‐A‐LM?
>> Shnitzel: [ Deep voice ]
YEAH, I'M SO CALM,
NOW THE AUDIENCE CAN FINALLY
UNDERSTAND ME,
YO, MY NAME'S SCHNITZEL,
ALL RIGHT!
>> Chowder: NAH,
DOESN'T WORK FOR US,
>> Shnitzel: WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
RADDA RADDA RADDA,
>> Chowder: YEAH, AND I'M SO
CALM, I'M GONNA FALL ASLEEP,
[ SNORING ]
>> Mung Daal: YEAH, RELAXATION
MAKES ME TIRED, TOO, CHOWDER,
>> Chowder: YEAH, LET'S BE TIRED
TOGETHER,
YEP,
[ SNORING ]
>> I'M FINE, HOW ARE YOU?
I'M JUST PEACHY,
>> Mung Daal: ORDER UP,
[ LAUGHS ]
[ SPLAT! ]
>> GREASY!
>> Mung Daal: GOOD GRAVY!
WHAT AM I DOING!
TRUFFLES WILL ‐‐ AAH!
>> Truffles: [ GROWLS ]
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
CLEAN UP THIS MESS, SUGAR LAMB,
>> Mung Daal: DID YOU HEAR
THAT?!
>> Chowder: WELL, YEAH, SORT OF,
HONESTLY, IT'S HARD TO HEAR
STUFF WITH THIS FLOPPY HAT OVER
MY EARS,
>> Mung Daal: WELL, SHE DOESN'T
SOUND VERY UPSET, DOES SHE?
WHY, I BET WE COULD DO ANYTHING
WE WANT,
>> Chowder: LIKE SPILL THIS
GIANT BARREL OF CLATTER‐FLATTER
BATTER?
>> Mung Daal: YEP,
>> Chowder: HEY,
HEY, MUNG, I GOT ONE,
I CALL IT "THROW MEET‐AND‐GREET
BALLS ALL OVER THE PLACE 'CAUSE
IT'S FUN,"
[ WHIP! WHIP! ]
>> HOW ARE YOU?
>> NICE TO MEET YOU,
>> Chowder: I FEEL SO FREE!
>> Mung Daal: YOU THROW, BOY!
>> Truffles: HEY, WHERE'S THAT OR‐‐
>> HOW ARE YOU?
>> Truffles: [ GROWLS ]
NOW, STOP CLOWNING,
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Chowder: "CLOWNING," SHE
SAYS,
[ LAUGHTER CONTINUES ]
[ RUMBLE! ]
>> Truffles: YOU'RE MAKING ME
ANGRY,
>> Chowder: ANGRY,
>> Mung Daal: [ LAUGHS ]
OH, THIS IS GREAT,
I CAN LIVE MY LIFE WITHOUT
TRUFFLES TELLING ME WHAT TO DO,
I'M GONNA GROW MY HAIR OUT,
[ CREAK! ]
>> Chowder: I ALREADY DID,
>> Shnitzel: RA, ,, DDA,
[ TARZAN‐CALLS ]
>> Mung Daal: WE CAN BE AS WILD
AND FREE AS WE WANT,
>> Chowder: YEAH!
[ SCREECH! ]
>> Truffles: I'VE LOST CONTROL
OF THEM,
THEY'VE EVEN GROWN HAIR,
IT'S LIKE A BAD DREAM,
THAT'S IT, IT'S JUST A DREAM,
MUNG'S PROBABLY COOKING THE
ORDER,
[ ALL SCREECHING ]
>> Truffles: AAH!
[ ZIP! ]
THEY'VE GONE WILD, FERAL,
OH, WHAT'LL I DO?
[ Thinking in normal voice ]
FACE IT, YOU CAN'T RUN THIS
KITCHEN WITHOUT ME!
[ Soothing voice ] HUH?
WHO SAID THAT?
>> ME! THE VOICE YOU DUMPED!
>> Truffles: NO, NO, NOT YOU,
>> GO ON,
TURN THE KNOB BACK TO ME,
>> Truffles: NO,
I LOVE MY NEW VOICE,
I ‐‐ NO, NO!
>> STILL NOT CONVINCED?
LOOK OVER THERE,
THE MONEY BOX!
>> Mung Daal: [ SCREECHES ]
>> Truffles: OH, THAT'S IT,
I'M GETTING MY VOICE BACK,
[ Middle Eastern accent ] HEY,
THAT KNOB IS MY PROPERTY,
>> Chowder: [ SCREECHES ]
[ TUNING ]
[ BLINK! BLINK! ]
>> Mung Daal: [ MUMBLES ]
>> Truffles: NO!
[ WHISTLE! ]
[ SCREAMING ]
>> Truffles: GIVE ME THAT!
[ GASPS ]
[ TINK! ]
>> Shnitzel: RADDA RADDA‐RA‐RA
RADDA RADDA‐RA‐RA‐RA!
>> HMM,
>> Shnitzel: RADDA RADDA RADDA,
[ GRUNTS ]
>> Truffles: I GOT TO FIGURE OUT
A WAY TO OUTWIT THOSE DIMWITS,
>> KNOB,
>> OKAY, REALLY, PLEASE, STOP
SAYING THAT,
[ ALL SCREECHING ]
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
>> Mung Daal: [ MUMBLES ]
[ BLINK! ]
[ MUMBLES ]
>> Truffles: OOH, KALA YOURSELF,
I WANT THAT KNOB!
I MEAN, I MEAN, ,,
[ SCREECHES ]
[ TWINKLE! ]
[ MUMBLES ]
[ TUNING ]
[ Normal voice ] MUNG DAAL!
CLEAN UP THIS KITCHEN!
>> Mung Daal: Y‐YES,
SCHNITZEL,
>> Shnitzel: RADDA,
[ WHIP! WHIP! WHIP! ]
>> Truffles: NOW LET'S MAKE SOME
ORDERS AROUND HERE,
>> Mung Daal: WELL, IT SURE IS
GOOD TO HAVE THE OLD TRUFFLES
BACK, EH, SCHNITZEL?
>> Shnitzel: RADDA,
>> Chowder: YEAH,
AND THESE EARMUFFS WORK GREAT
FOR OUR CUSTOMERS,
>> Truffles: MAY I TAKE YOUR
ORDER?!
>> HUH? WHAT?
I‐I CAN'T ‐‐ I CAN'T HEAR YOU,
>> Truffles: YOU'LL HAVE THE
FLOODLE DOODLES!
>> Mung Daal: HUH? WHAT'S THAT?
>> Chowder: WHAT?
YOU SAY SOMETHING, MUNG?
>> Mung Daal: HUH?
>> Chowder: WHAT?
>> Mung Daal: WAIT,
I THINK I HEARD SOMETHING,
>> Chowder: HUH?
>> Chowder: HEY, WHERE ARE WE?
>> Truffles: GET OUT OF MY
DREAM!
>> Chowder: WE'RE IN YOUR DREAM?
WOW! WOW!
IN MY DREAM, THERE ARE USUALLY A
LOT MORE LLAMAS AND DANCING
CHOCOLATE BARS,
I HAD A DREAM ONCE THAT MUNG WAS
20 FEET TALL, BUT ONLY HIS HEAD
WAS TALL,
THEN THE REST OF HIM WAS NORMAL,
WHAT DO YOU THINK THAT MEANS?
>> Truffles: THAT'S IT!
I'M WAKING UP!
>> Chowder: HEY,
MR, CHOCOLATE BAR,
>> HEY, CHOWDER,